DOC: Revamp contributor setup guides (#15947)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/dev/contributor/ubuntu_guide.rst

:orphan:

.. _ubuntu-guide:

======================================

> Development environment guide (Ubuntu)

Reviewer: This guide is too specific and long, I recommend not spending more effort on it. We can refactor it away in a second pass over this content (too much for this PR probably).

Author: Yes - I'll accept the straightforward fixes but will leave this one for later.

   listed after the installer finishes. You might also need to restart your
   terminal window or enter ``source ~/.bashrc`` for all the changes to take
   effect.

#. (Optional) In a terminal window, enter ``conda list``. |br| This shows a list
   of all the Python packages that came with the Anaconda Distribution of
   Python. Note the latest released version of SciPy is among them; this is not
   the development version you are going to build and will be able to modify.

   Ideally, we'd like to have both versions, and we'd like to be able to switch
   between the two as needed. `Virtual environments <https://medium.freecodecamp.org/why-you-need-python-environments-and-how-to-manage-them-with-conda-85f155f4353c>`_
   can do just that. With a few keystrokes in the terminal or even the click of
   an icon, we can enable or disable our development version. Let's set that up.

   .. note::

      If ``conda`` is not a recognized command, try restarting your terminal. If
	  it is still not recognized, please see "Should I add Anaconda to the macOS
	  or Linux PATH?" in the `Anaconda FAQ`_.

#. Enter ``conda config --env --add channels conda-forge`` to tell Anaconda the

>    source we want for our packages. Then enter ``conda create --name scipydev python=3.9 numpy pybind11 cython pythran pytest gfortran gxx sphinx pydata-sphinx-theme sphinx-panels matplotlib mypy git``. |br| This tells ``conda`` to create a virtual environment named ``scipydev`` (or another name that you prefer) with several packages.

Author: I am not touching the ubuntu guide for now, as I suspect it may be removed at some point.

      individually because it makes it easier for ``conda`` to solve
      the package dependencies optimally.

#. You're still in the base environment. Activate your new virtual environment

>    by entering ``conda activate scipydev``. |br| If you're working with an old
>    version of ``conda``, you might need to type ``source activate scipydev``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   by entering ``conda activate scipy-dev``. |br| If you're working with an old
   version of ``conda``, you might need to type ``source activate scipy-dev``
```
